as a buddy in a scene here to study and
read in college for the knowledge and
the fucking degree in New York Chicago
with his own town away from his hometown
and all the streets used to run around
alone now only thought says his company
enough to read when it's going to redeem
a - um Patrice I'm agree he goes read
away in Quran son and all the heads over
gateway to your tongue Wow so tonight
you know the Mike's is gonna pay off
evaluations throughout the nation fuck a
day off bro - everybody heard how to
make the spit on I don't know you kick
on it wasn't trying to let him get on
after that depression at a slammin
session it was 10 in front and honest
man was nothing left to feel depression
on the mic we're giving you the hike
shit laid it set it like this you've
been taught to try to battle me how do
you plead
anything good son rowdy indeed given the
cohorts of dog dogs with no four
stitches those cobwebs out my blow torch
so on and so forth for light they go in
damn flowers unappreciative on the whack
slam poet see the rounds intricate he
knew he was ripping it thinking to
himself how can I get these people into
it though he decided shooting like a man
and wrap up my just blast your
self-righteous ass look at me like I'm
superficial I'm back than I just hated
but all your poems about fucking now
sexually frustrated I'm the pilot my
conscience you can tell it's intense you
ain't really conscious you just smell
like incense with that he left them
surprised looking left on the blonde
smiling yourself like me I thought he
let her have a minute till he nearly
finished he found at least a nice amount
of movement not an image you couldn't do
like any other that be following a decoy
you got a cop you can truly be a people
with tennis Fidel to be boxing drinking
juice and ramming through himself he
often carried a box found that to be
nice and it takes Kiwi back the
soundtrack to his life people search to
my side they die and roll AI a Warner
what boarded your wake up in abolish I
use the doubt to inspire never let his
pen higher but the right rap is strike
back like the Empire when they hear a
canopy while he walk in the street some
cat heard him decided to happen in
speech but he was happening to me the
kid he heard on a mixtape and on the
radio thinking his shits great but it's
fake the kids not in the fog quick the
cameras
Gerald Ford Raptor beatboxing watch this
guy come from shower it's pop soda soda
soda through the roof with the truth
like Noda
I got double the fuck Reggie's oval jaws
so fuck all these dunks and let me throw
the door the hinges and extend your
mind's void
hey yo how you like that become home
alone on the beach I almost felt like
I'm a thief to get respect in the street
this church had a verb so we search the
search for why he had to talk about to
endure to give his words birth he went
berserk and first with the first
unrehearsed but defining at the time he
said yo we back this guy the pride
petrified kept astride my love to
himself like better alligator tail he
nearly finished you finally said likes
about a movement anodic image you
shouldn't do like in the other
let me following a decoy you got a cop
your fucking path to be a b-boy